NMS-14616: Quick Start - Performance Data Gathering (#5263)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/performance-data-collection/collectd/collection-packages.adoc

<package name="cassandra-via-jmx" remote="false">
      <filter>IPADDR != '0.0.0.0'</filter>
----

Note that `remote="false"` means that the services in this package are tested only from the OpenNMS core system itself and not from a different remote location.

> Each package must have a `filter` tag that performs the initial test to see if an interface should be included in a package.

Reviewer: Let's change to: "is eligible to be included in a package", since passing the filter does not guarantee inclusion.

Author: ```suggestion
Each package must have a `filter` tag that performs the initial test to see if an interface is eligible to be included in a package.
```
